feat(AIP-121): lint for mutable reference cycles (#1238)
googleapis/api-linter: docs/rules/0121/no-cycles.md

---
rule:
  aip: 121
  name: [core, '0121', no-cycles]
  summary: Resources must not form a resource reference cycle.

> permalink: /121/no-cycles

Reviewer: how about naming the rule `no-mutable-cycles`? it might be clearer. 

At least in conversations with folks there's always a question on whether output-only cycles are allowed.

Author: For sure, I can do this, just after all other comments are resolved as I have to rename everything.

Author: Done.

redirect_from:
  - /0121/no-cycles
---

# Resource must support get

> This rule enforces that resources do not create reference cycles as mandated in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule enforces that resources do not create cycles of mutable references as mandated in
```

Reviewer: slightly clearer wording, wdyt?

Author: Yeah for sure. Done in a separate commit.

[AIP-121][].

## Details

This rule scans the fields of every resource and ensures that any references to

> other resources do not create a cycle between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
other resources do not create a mutable cycle between them.
```

Author: Done
